You are an internationally renowned superstar
The eldest lady of the Zhao family in Beihai
Why is it so hard to choose a boyfriend?
Just fool
I was still at school and thought of you as a Muse
I knew you would like even a decent one
The little yakuza who has no clothes
I chased you then, it's not too late
The two of us are better than this kind of stuff
You can choose any one now.
How about being your new boyfriend?
I don't know what you two are called.
My name is Chen Jiashang
It is the executive room of the Beihai United Chamber of Commerce
This is Xu Zhiyuan, the second son of the flattering Xu family
I thought it was some big guy
It turned out to be just a small administrative director
With a stubborn kid who is not in the mainstream
This is Mr. Shaw.
Look at Mu Yan's face
I don't care about you.
But I have to warn you
Since you are Mu Yan's boyfriend
Be careful when you speak and do things in the future
After all, the people Mu Yan came into contact with were either rich or expensive
In case you offend someone important
It's not good to implicate him
And in addition to words and manners
Dress up at a table is more important
Like today?
This Genting Immortal lives in Beiyu
But the only seven-star hotel
It's people like you who dress in such rags
You can enter at will
Obviously have a low status
You have to educate people.
Although our Xu family is not as good as the four major families
But there is also quite an interpretation in Fengcheng
The United Chamber of Commerce is also a leader in the North Sea business community
Chen Jiashang's connections and resources
More than the chairperson of the average group
The identity and status of the two of us
I don't know how many times taller than you scumbag